Feature/cambiar v2 default (#1204)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/unofficial/wix.en.md

These are the *steps to start receiving payments with Mercado Pago**:

> 1. [Log in](https://www.mercadolibre.com/jms/[FAKER][GLOBALIZE][SITE_ID]/lgz/login?platform_id=mp&go=https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/online-payments/subscriptions/previous-requirements&go=https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/es/guides/plugins/unofficial/wix) to a Mercado Pago or Mercado Libre account or create a new account if you don't have one yet.

Reviewer: Este cambio quedó mal, puede ser que se haya hecho por error?
```suggestion
1. [Log in](https://www.mercadolibre.com/jms/[FAKER][GLOBALIZE][SITE_ID]/lgz/login?platform_id=mp&go=https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/plugins/unofficial/wix) to a Mercado Pago account or [create a new account](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/hub/registration/landing) if you don't have one yet.
```

----[mla, mlb, mlu, mlc, mlm, mpe]----
## Set up interest-free instalments in your Mercado Pago account
 

> 1. Log in [your Mercado Libre account]((https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]), and go to "Your business".
> 2. Go to "Costs" section, browse up to "interest free instalments" and click on the activation switch.
> 3. Select the maximum number of interest free instalments you want to offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in [your Mercado Libre account](https://www.mercadolibre.com/jms/[FAKER][GLOBALIZE][SITE_ID]/lgz/login?platform_id=mp), and go to "Your business".
2. Go to "Costs" section.
3. Browse up to "interest free instalments" and click on the activation switch.
4. Select the maximum number of interest free instalments you want to offer.
```
